style: apply /style-guide pass to models/reports (#2687)
wandb/docs: models/reports/clone-and-export-reports.mdx

---
description: "Export W&B Reports as PDF or LaTeX files, and clone reports using the App UI or the Report and Workspace API."
title: Clone and export reports
keywords: ["export report", "clone report", "PDF", "LaTeX", "Report and Workspace API"]
---

<Note>
W&B Report and Workspace API is in Public Preview.
</Note>

This page describes how to export a W&B Report to a portable file format. It also describes how to clone an existing report to reuse its structure as a starting point for new work.

> ## Export reports

Reviewer: Consider singular in these headings: Export a report, Clone a report, etc.

Export a report as a PDF or LaTeX file to share its contents outside of W&B or to archive a static version of your analysis. In your report, select the **action (<Icon icon="ellipsis-vertical" iconType="solid"/>)** menu. Choose **Download** and select either PDF or LaTeX output format.

## Clone reports

Clone a report to reuse an existing project's template and formatting as the basis for a new report. You can clone reports in the W&B App UI or programmatically with the Report and Workspace API.

<Tabs>
<Tab title="W&B App">
In your report, select the **action (<Icon icon="ellipsis-vertical" iconType="solid"/>)** menu. Choose **Clone this report**. In the modal, pick a destination for your cloned report. Choose **Clone report**.

<Frame>
    <img src="/images/reports/clone_reports.gif" alt="Cloning reports"  />
</Frame>

> Cloned reports are visible to your team if you clone a report within the team's account. Reports cloned within an individual's account are visible only to that user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you clone a report, you specify the destination. If you clone it to a team, all team members can view it. If you clone it to your personal account, only you can view it by default.
```
